This is Math::Fraction v.4a

Purpose: To Manipulate Exact Fractions

Copyright 1997 by Kevin Atkinson (kevina@cark.net)
Version .4a  (24 Mar 1997)
Alpha Release: Not Very Well Tested
Developed with Perl v 5.003_37 for Win32.
Has been testing on Perl Ver 5.003 on a solaris machine.

This program is meant to replace the old bigrat perl library.  It can do
everything it can do and a lot more.

Some of its features include:
  - Being able to add, subtract, multiply, and divide, among other things
    just like you would normal numbers that's to the overload module.
  - Being able to convert a decimal, including repeating ones, into a
    fraction.  For example, 1.142857142857 would become 8/7.
  - Being able to control how the fraction is displayed.  For example
    8/7 verses 1 1/7
  - Being able to use arbitrary size numbers in the numerator and the
    denominator.
  - Being able to covert between SMALL (using normal floats/integers) and
    BIG (using arbitrary size floats/integers) as needed so you do not have
    to worry about it. (New as of ver .4a)
  - Being able to have multiple default sets so that a function can modify
    the defaults with out effecting other functions (New as of ver .4a)

By using this software you have become an Alpha tester.  By becoming an
Alpha tester you have agreed to give be some sort of feedback.

This is my first real attempt at writing a Perl Module and at
Object-Oriented Programming. (Although I know this is not a true-true
Object-Oriented Module as I cheated a little). I mainly wrote it to
teach my self how to program Object-Oriently in Perl and for the challenge.

If you know of any faster or simpler way of doing any this please let me
know.

To test the module out run the fraction.pl program provided.  Type
demo to see a small demonstration of its features.

Because it is still in Alpha state their is not formal way to install it.
It use it simply unpack the tar file and run it from their. To upgrade
simply overwrite the old files.

